---
templateKey: blog-post
id: c192eaba9fefc632acf87ed636593472
title: Why I dont Regret Trying
slug: /2019/11/30/why-i-dont-regret-trying/
date: 2019-11-30T03:48:03.125Z
description: Reflection
headerImage : https://imgur.com/UiOZgYK.jpg
tags:
  - life
  - job hunt
---

## Why I dont Regret Trying

This year, a layover to Porto was what it took for me to change my life. As a child, plane travel was a rarity, a fabled event that happened every few years where the
destination was usually Orlando. I had never even left the continent of North America until I was 22, when I had achieved a childhood dream of going to Japan. After two weeks of soaking in onsens, driving in go karts in live traffic in Tokyo, and being chased in the woods by wild deer, a deep fondness of travelling blossomed. It was a drug, to experience a different land, to learn about the people and gain a different perspective on how others live their lives.

This May, I booked a flight to a little known city in Portugal called Porto. Overflowing with wrought iron architecture, great blue and white tiled walls, and ruby red port wines, its hard to not be charmed by this city. In the mornings, armed only with my phone and a travel guide, I would walk up the cobbled streets of this ancient place and watch the city unfold beneath me. However, it wasn't the almost sinfully delicious pastel de nata or the ribeira that hugged the coastline that won my heart.

On the layover flight in Paris, I was seated next to April. She had perfectly blond hair, a strip of perfect white teeth, and was fantastically optimistic. After a bag of admittedly horrid hot pot flavored chips, we found out we had so many things in common. We both were from New York and loved noodles. We were both hapas (read half asian half something else. I'm really 1/4 Cuban but that's beside the point). Our love of stationary. Except in technology. She worked for PayPal even back in the days when it wasn't a household name. Leaving her hometown of San Diego, she had taken a gamble and moved to New York, armed only with her bachelors in philosophy.  I was too embarassed by my career to respond and we agreed to get dinner while we stayed in Porto.

Consisting of the staples of Porto, it was a meal of Franchesinas', fries, meat platters, and plenty of beer. When in Europe, its almost a sin not to drink since the alcohol is the same price as water. We talked for a long time. It never felt odd, it was if we had known each other for years instead of days. About New York. About the social state of Paris after the influx of Syrian refugees. Of the barrage of perfect weather in California and of JK Rowling's prescence in Porto (she started writing Harry Potter here). And then we reached the topic of our careers. How she had left her friends and family behind for an unknown future after the 2008 recession left her with few job opportunities. How she remembered PayPal before its acquisition.

"Well, why haven't you," she asked.

We had finally gotten to the most uncomfortable part of the conversation. Why I was at a job I had no interest in and did not allow myself the chance to pursue a life in tech. I had written a book, I built a writing platform for said book. Yet I was too afraid to leave the life I had known for uncertainty.

"I don't think I can do it," I replied. "I'm too mediocre."

"You? Mediocre?"

At that moment, at 23 years old, it became absurdly clear of my greatest flaw. I refuse to believe in myself. It has been, it has always been, my greatest weakness. Because it didn't matter that I wrote a 10,000 year mythos for a novel. That I had scored in the 97 percentile on my PCAT, a 100.3 GPA, or a 2360 on my SAT's (I was inconsolable with my writing section). I learned to play cello by ear because I fell in love with Bach Suite No 4. At 19, I had a purity yield of 96% in lidocaine synthesis and did my research in cardiac myocyte cells. They did not matter. Nothing was good enough for me.

I could never see past the 40 points I failed to obtain. In everything I did, I only saw where I fell short and saw my flaws. So I played it safe. I only applied to schools I knew acceptance was certainty. I allowed others to dictate what I should be. Because it was easier than to ask myself the hard questions.


"Who do you want to be Lisa," April asked kindly.

"You need to make a decision. Do you allow your passion of learning or your fear of the unknown to win? What does Lisa want to be? What do you want?"

The waitress had brought over another round of beer and we drank.

"I've seen this before with other kids. You can go through the motions. You'll move up positions and get the office with the view. And you'll be miserable. You'll go home to your apartment, complain to your friends and say this is the last day I spend at this job. But you'll never leave."

We had some more fries and returned to our respective AirBnb's. After that night, I wrote my resignation letter and looked into the bootcamps April had sent me. It turns out its not too hard to change your life. It just takes follow through and two years of careful savings to ensure that I can eat and pay rent. Two years. Thats how much life I can afford for until I call it quits.

I am not where I want to be. A month after Grace Hopper, I am still job hunting. I left my career, a stable source of income, and comfort to pursue this. Yet, there is not a single day that I regret leaving my job. I would have NEVER been happy at it. I could never be satisfied. This is the first time I have chosen to do something I believe in, because I wanted it. I did not spend every single day after working my full time job to write and teach myself programming to give up now. No, that is simply unacceptable. I believe in myself. In the person I can be. I can do this. I will do this. I must do this.
