---
templateKey: blog-post
id: c192eaba9fefc632acf87ed636593471
title: On Really Achieving Your Dreams
slug: /2019/11/30/achieving-your-dreams/
date: 2020-02-04T03:48:03.125Z
description: And so it begins
headerImage: https://i.imgur.com/Q3zceMV.jpg
tags:
  - personal
  - career
  - life update
---

## The Urban Jungle

My lovely wall of urban jungle is coming along spectacularly.For some reference, there is a massive  ivory ikea divider in my studio. Every compartment is filled with pieces of me, for my inclinations have compelled me to turn everything I own to be aesthetically pleasing. And its simply stuffed with plants. Succulents in white terra cotta pots, pothos that tumble down like a horse’s mane, philodendrons that were propagated from a single parent, a money plant, draecaenas, a zz plant, and my most exciting addition, a bonsai.  A completed daruma, snow globes. koupen chan, a miniature English tea garden, a jade lion, books scribbled with my writing, otter, and  music boxes fill in the gaps. I’m always pleased to see it. To care for it and watch new leaves unfold. This wall was no small feat. I curated each one with love and consideration, watching for its care until it flourished. And its not done, but that’s ok.

2019 was the year of the Boar, my year. It was a time of upheaval, of change. I went to Europe for the first time, moved into my dream apartment in the village, bought my first pair of thigh high Stuart Weitzman boots. Got absolutely smashed every single night in Barcelona. Fell in love with Parisian ateliers and a week later ate poutine in Montreal. Discovered the joys of meditation and gardening. Constructed tiny worlds in miniature. I finished my novel.

It was also the year where I allowed myself to stop living in fear. No safety nets, no excuses.  Because I refused to go through the motions, to be ensnared by comfort and certainty. To be lesser, mediocre, and taper off into obscurity. I jumped off a cliff and took the leap.  This year taught me I am stronger, smarter, more capable than I ever imagined. That I am so much more than I ever thought I could be. The grueling work, the endless struggle, the days of doubt and uncertainty have come to fruition. Because last week was my first as a software engineer at IEX.

As I looked down at Manhattan from my 58th floor office, I felt the tears well up. I made it. So many of my wants since I could want for anything have come true. My wildest dreams, I fought so hard for them and I forged them into existence. I dragged the life I wanted so desperately for myself and made it possible. And I am unshakably proud of what I’ve done, the life I chose of my own volition. No one tells you how much consistency, the yearning, the sheer exhaustive effort it takes to make your dreams happen. Or how unbelievably euphoric you feel after they come true.

I won’t allow myself, anyone, or anything stand in the way of what I want. Not anymore. This battle is over and I have won. Yet, the war has barely begun. I know I have barely started and there is so much I desire, that I want for myself. I don’t expect I will be truly singular as a writer or as an individual. I am no John Steinbeck or Toni Morrison or Ada Lovelace. That’s no excuse to give up. To resign myself to less There is so much work to be done. And I’m not scared. Not of the fight or the obstacles I will face. Because it is possible. I have been fortunate to pursue my dreams and even luckier that so many came true. I believe in the person that I can become. In what I can do and what I will accomplish.
